1. Implementation Contributions: A list of the team members that shows each members overall contribution to this release and a list of what features/functions they worked on.

Justin Tran: 33.33%
Added new varied enemy (twitter bird) with different following mechanics than the papparazzi. Added a pause button so the game and all of it's physics can be stopped at will. Changed the projectile shooting mechanic (detailed in the instructions) so that accidental shooting is less likely. Changed projectile to become inactive after one hit. General cleanup of game logic bugs.

Rambo Wu: 33.33%
 

Rachelle Rogers: 33.33%
Redesigned major screens including the log in, registration, and main screen. Designed and produced graphics and backgrounds for these screens, as well as the new enemy. Manipulated current graphics to place in different settings, such as changing Drake’s posture. Began to work on making the main character moveable. Also came up with a few of the multiple choice questions we're implementing.

2. Grading Level: If the team agrees that all members should receive the same grade for this release, then say “Same grade for all members”. If not, identify the grade level for each member - 100% for a full grade, 90%, etc.

Same grade for all members

3. Differences: Explanations of any differences between what is submitted for this release and what the App Idea Paper deﬁned as being included in this release, and why that difference exists. If there are no deviances write None.

None.

4. Special Instructions:
 
Any special instructions needed to make sure your app can be built
and run. For example, if you use CocoaPods - the minimum version to use.

Please run app on actual iPhone. Not all capabilities are adaptable for the game on the simulator.

How to Play:
- Hold touch left or right of the character to move in that particular direction
- Tap screen again while moving to jump (can double jump)
- Tap anywhere on the bottom 25% (ground platform) of the screen to shoot a projectile. 
  You only have one so you must pick it up to use it again.
  The projectile is only active until it hits the first enemy. To make it active again, you must pick it up.
- Avoid touching randomly spawning paparazzi or twitter birds, doing so will make you lose a life
- Moving off the screen will teleport you to the other side
- Falling in the hole will teleport you to the top
